3/13/21 Ferrell ER to admission hpi: 84 y.o. female presented to the emergency room with complaints of back pain, nausea, and abdominal pain.  Patient approximately 1 week ago was bending over to pick something up and fell to the floor landing on her coccyx, and has had increased low back pain since that time.  Patient does have a history of congestive heart failure and atrial fibrillation.  Patient states that she had noticed increasing lower extremity edema and mild shortness of breath with exertion.  The patient states that her back pain escalated and she was unable to stand or walk on her own.  Patient was then brought to the ER for further evaluation per EMS.  The patient did have a CT of the abdomen and pelvis which showed no definite acute intra-abdominal/pelvic abnormality, and mild acute during L2 superior endplate compression fracture with approximately 4 mm of displacement into the spinal canal.  Patient also had a CT of the lumbar spine without contrast which showed acute appearing mild L2 superior endplate compression fracture with approximately 2 mm of displacement to the spinal canal, and multilevel degenerative disc disease.  This morning upon entering the room the patient was standing with assistance of a walker and hospital staff.  Patient tolerated fair.   Patient does complain of severe pain with standing and movement.  Patient does have 3+ pitting edema to bilateral lower extremities.  Denies numbness or tingling to lower extremities.  Bilateral lower extremity pulses are 1+ 1+, with CMS being less than 3 sec and skin is pink warm and dry.  Patient's EKG in the emergency room did show atrial fibrillation with RVR with a rate of 137.  Patient was given Cardizem IV in the emergency room, and then was started on Cardizem CD 100 80 mg p.o. daily.  Patient's rate is controlled at between 92 and 96 beats per minute and continues to show atrial fibrillation on the telemetry.  No shortness of breath is noted at this time.  Patient did also have lab work drawn in the emergency room CBC:  White count is 9.4, hemoglobin 14.4, hematocrit was 43.7, with a platelet count of 261.  Patient's CMP showed a BUN of 21, creatinine 1.2, potassium was normal at 4.6, and her GFR was noted at 41.  Patient also had a BMP drawn which was noted at 322.  Patient also had a urinalysis performed which shows negative for leukocytes, nitrate negative.  Patient was admitted to medical inpatient as it is deemed that she will need longer than a 2 midnight stay for cardiac monitoring and will work with physical therapy and occupational therapy for gait training and strengthening with relation to the compression fracture of her L2 fracture, and pain control.