had an anaphylactic reaction and acute hepatitis and was hospitalized for 5 days; had an anaphylactic reaction and acute hepatitis and was hospitalized for 5 days; pain in abdomen and face/Abdominal pain; pain in abdomen and face; Generalized pruritus with skin rash; Respiratory distress; Angioedema (not hereditary); a lot of pain after her tooth extraction; Upper airway swelling; Cyanosis; Hoarse voice; Difficulty breathing; Sensation of throat closure; Generalized urticaria (hives); Generalized erythema; Generalized pruritus with skin rash; Localized injection site urticaria; This is a spontaneous report from a contactable nurse (patient). A 72-year-old female patient received bnt162b2 (PFIZER-BIONTECH COVID-19 VACCINE, Solution for injection), dose 1 via an unspecified route of administration, administered in Arm Right on 03Mar2021 15:00 (Lot Number: EN6199) (at the age of 72 years old) as single dose for covid-19 immunisation. Medical history included chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD); osteoarthritis; rheumatoid arthritis (RA); allergy: Environmental; asthma. Concomitant medications included ubidecarenone (COQ10 [UBIDECARENONE]) ongoing; atorvastatin ongoing; nebivolol hydrochloride (BYSTOLIC) ongoing; methimazole ongoing. The patient was taking some medications prior to the event being reported. No prior vaccinations (within 4 weeks). The patient did not receive any recent vaccines for any other conditions prior to the event being reported. The patient did not receive any recent vaccines for SARS-CoV2 other than bnt162b2 prior to the event being reported. The patient had not received any other vaccines around the time of bnt162b2 vaccination. Caller would like to know if there was an impact on efficacy if she chooses to take her second dose of the Pfizer BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine at a later date than the recommended 21 days. Caller received her first dose of the Pfizer BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine on 03Mar2021. She stated that on 08Mar2021 she had a tooth extraction and was told by her physician to take Advil. Then on 11Mar2021 caller reported that she had an anaphylactic reaction and acute hepatitis and was hospitalized for 5 days. She stated that her physicians were unsure if it could have been a delayed reaction to the vaccine or a reaction to the Advil (which caller stated she had taken all her life) (lot number: 55633, Expiry Date: Feb2023). Caller was scheduled to receive her second dose of the vaccine next week and would like to know if she should take it. She stated one physician told her it was okay to do so while another told her to hold on taking it, so she was confused as to what to do. Reporter seriousness for Anaphylactic reaction was Hospitalization. The patient was in hospital for Anaphylactic reaction from 11Mar2021 to 14Mar2021. The patient stated she received her first COVID vaccine on 03Mar2021, and on 08Mar2021, she had a tooth extracted. Because of that, she was taking Advil on 11Mar2021, she had an anaphylactic reaction to the Advil and an acute hepatitis. And the doctors couldn't give her any answer. They didn't know what caused what and if it was a delayed reaction from the vaccine because it was one week following the vaccine or if it was just coincidental. The patient due next week (scheduled for 23Mar2021) for her second dose and wanted to know if she should she take it. She ended up in the hospital for five days. Date of hospitalization was 11Mar2021. Reason for hospitalization was Anaphylactic reaction. Date of discharge from the hospital was 14Mar2021 (pending clarification). Event "had an anaphylactic reaction and acute hepatitis and was hospitalized for 5 days" started from 11Mar2021 18:00. Seriousness Criteria: Hospitalization / Prolongation of hospital, hospitalized Duration of stay was 5d, event not recovered. The event required visit to Emergency Room. Treatment included steroids and fluids IV. "Tooth extraction" started from 08Mar2021 and treatment included Tylenol and Advil. Consumer stated she was still in a lot of pain after her tooth extraction (Mar2021). On 08Mar2021 she had a tooth extraction. After the procedure she had severe pain and she was taking Advil and by Thursday 11Mar2021 she had a lot of pain in abdomen and face. She went to ER 18:00 PM, she was going through a complete reaction. The patient required medical intervention: Corticosteroids, IV fluids. The patient was seen in the Emergency Department. The patient had hospitalized for 5 days. The patient was not admitted to an Intensive Care Unit. In Mar2021, the patient had Upper airway swelling, Respiratory distress, Cyanosis, Hoarse voice, Difficulty breathing (without wheeze or stridor), Sensation of throat closure, Generalized urticaria (hives), Generalized erythema, Angioedema (not hereditary), Generalized pruritus with skin rash, Localized injection site urticaria, Abdominal pain. No Bilateral wheeze/bronchospasm. No Stridor, No Increased use of accessory respiratory muscles, No Recession, no Grunting, no Dry cough, no Sneezing, No Rhinorrhea, No Shock, No Tachycardia, No Capillary refill time > 3 sec, No Decreased level of consciousness, No Loss of consciousness, No Generalized pruritus without skin rash, no Generalized prickle sensation, No Diarrhea, no Nausea, no Vomiting. Tachypnoea: Unknown. Measured hypotension: Unknown. Reduced central pulse volume: Unknown. The events did not require the initiation of new medication or other treatment or procedure. Lab work included Liver function over 10 000 in Mar2021. Patient's outcome following the potential anaphylactic reaction was Recovering. The outcome of the events "had an anaphylactic reaction and acute hepatitis and was hospitalized for 5 days", "a lot of pain after her tooth extraction" was not recovered, of "pain in abdomen and face" was unknown, of the other events was recovering.; Sender's Comments: Based on the temporal relationship, the association between the events anaphylactic reaction, hepatitis acute, and respiratory distress with BNT162b2 can not be fully excluded.  The impact of this report on the benefit/risk profile of the Pfizer product is evaluated as part of Pfizer procedures for safety evaluation, including the review and analysis of aggregate data for adverse events. Any safety concern identified as part of this review, as well as any appropriate action in response, will be promptly notified to regulatory authorities, Ethics Committees, and Investigators, as appropriate.