Mother gave me lot # which is Moderna lot#201A21A, but the vaccination card says Janssen which does not match up with this lot#.  Mother reports that she had the vaccine, had no symptoms, and then started with a fever that evening of 103.  She was having cold extremities, numbness, tingling of the arms, face, legs.  The fever dropped and went away and was having fatigue and getting winded doing regular activities.  By Monday she continued with the shortness of breath and go increasingly worse as the days went on and also the.  By Wednesday she was having chest pain, numbness and tingling of her extremities and shortness of breath.  She went to the hospital, gave her IVs, says her BP was elevated and sent her home.  Mother told her to sleep and see how she felt.  By Thursday night 4/15/21 she screamed out because she was having chest pains and having chest and pains and not able to straighten out her hand and could not catch her breath.  She was then taken back to the hospital and said that she her BP was high and said that she had the Janssen vaccine, and said that she was hyperventilation due to anxiety.  Once they got her stable and released her again.  Mother asked the doctor if he felt that this was normal, and could see her throat contracting and that she was stable and to go home, and he said yes and that it was anxiety and that sometimes we get ourselves worked up about things and that was causing it.    The daughter has no history of anxiety, no breathing issues.   They did labs and everything was okay, her counts were somewhat off but nothing felt to be abnormal.      She then went to another Hospital as she was still not feeling well, and checked the other reports from the other hospital and they conferred with that information, gave her Valium and sent her home.    As the evening progressed on Friday 4/16/21 she started having chest pains and her girlfriends mother is a nurse and came and saw her and called the mother and told her that she did not like how she was looking, and that her SOB and weakness in her extremities and the tightness in her chest was not right and that she felt that she had a PE.    They took her to another location, she had extremely high calcium levels, and high blood pressure and her heart rate was high and she was admitted.  She has been on flushes to reduce calcium, and her blood levels are improving.  She is on Warfarin to prevent clotting.  She has had a CAT scan and other studies and all were negative.  She felt better yesterday, but she states today that she is not feeling as well, she is nauseous and gave her Zofran,  has a headache, and they gave her something a little stronger than Tylenol.  She is extremely fatigued and weak.    Mother said that she saw her on Sunday 4/18/21 and that she was not able to walk, they had to put her in a wheelchair, and her grandfather walks faster than she can.    They are presently getting her up to get her to walk and see how her strength is, 4/20/21.  They are now waiting to get her levels under control and to see if she is strong enough to go home.  Neurology released her from their standpoint as they did not see anything, but she is to FU with them afterwards and want to do EMG's as an out patient.