Patient stated that she almost immediately felt nausea after the injection appx 3:15, was able to ambulate to observation on her own and then signaled staff for help, felt hot, felt dizzy, felt nausea, staff immediately assisted to chair, RN @ side; inquired re food; had lunch; sips of beverage w sugar given able to eat cracker. She stated she felt better, was upright in her chair, no SOB, no complaints of swelling throat, itchy etc.  After some initial sips of liquid, still feeling dizzy lowered to floor by staff w wedge cushion and legs and feet elevated above heart per protocol b/p 140/96 pulse 86. Stated she had been anxious re injection, but denied ever having this experience after injection. Additional information for Item 18: Reviewed the POD form questions again with her, denied any issues.  She then stated she was feeling much better again,  her warm feelings were going away from ice  in a glove that we had used from her initial dizzy, warm/hot feeling.  Around 3:30 she felt nausea again, so we sat her up and gave her a bucket to use to vomit if needed. She was unable to vomit. She wanted to sit up on floor. We sat with her and she sipped on clear beverage. She began to get cold. We put her legs back up took b/p 140/91 pulse 86. No change. We called nursing DON for District to make her aware and by that time patient experiencing chills. We called her husband to be on his way to drive her home after 30 minutes @ 3:45. She continued to tell us she felt better for a few minutes only to then tell us she was feeling nausea again. Rolled her to left side, helped her to prop us to vomit but she was unable to vomit anything. B/p readings 147/91, 150/90, 140/87,150/88She desired to sit upright again. So on floor with nurse holding and b/p cuff on sat her up to try to vomit, unable to do so.  Lowered back to floor with legs upright where she remained local Paramedic on site and he came to assist, a portable recliner that allowed for legs to be elevated above heart was set up. Patient felt that she could transfer with paramedic and staff help and passed out while attempting briefly, chilling when she was alert, then passing out again; 911 was called and arrived by 3:55, patient and husband initially wanted to take patient home after hearing patient state she felt better once paramedics had evaluated her. However in front of husband, patient again passed out, and after she was conscious stated she could not feel her arms. and when he observed this he agreed it was best for her to be evaluated and then was transported to ER. Per phone conversation this morning, at 10:41 husband stating that patient still not able to stand without passing out on her own and they were continuing to evaluate her. No additional medication given on site at Mass vaccine site.