Patient presented himself for COVID19 Vaccine administration on 04/05/2021 at 4:10pm. Upon checking in for his appointment, he was provided with Conviva?s COVID19 vaccine screening and consent form in which he denied the following:  ? Having allergies and reactions to any medication, foods, vaccines, or latex.  ? Carrying an Epi-pen for emergency treatment of anaphylaxis.  ? Having had a severe reaction to previous dose of this vaccine or to any of the ingredients of this vaccine.  After the vaccine administration, patient was guided to the observation area for a 15-minute observatory period.  At approximately 4:25 pm- patient, while in the observation area, expressed to the clinical staff member monitoring the area, that he felt lightheaded and needed to lay down, he leaned forward, and the clinical alert team was activated.  Patient was lowered to the floor; a pillow was placed under his head and his feet were elevated.  Vitals reported were taken in the presence of registered nurse while patient was laying on the floor.  Vitals ? Glucose 97 ? Blood pressure 120/77 ? Oxygen saturation level 97% ? Pulse 72 Register nurse reports that patient was laying on the floor, alert, oriented to place, time and person. Patient never lost consciousness and within approximately 5-7 minutes he was sitting up, drinking water. At this time, patient was asked the following series of questions: ? How do you feel? As per patient, he was feeling nauseous, dizzy, and anxious.  ? Are you allergic to any medications or have you had any allergic reactions to a vaccine? Patient denied having had a history of any adverse or allergic reaction to any medication or vaccines in the past.  Several minutes later patient stated that he was feeling better and he was assisted to sit up. Patient stated that he was feeling fine, and able to drive. Patient was kept in the observation area an additional 15 minutes.   At approximately 4:40 pm- After patient was considered stable by doctor, he was checked out. Patient was given phone numbers in case he had any clinical or general questions.   At 6:00 pm- (Center Administration) called patient, he stated that he was still driving and felt fine.  At 6:21 pm- Patient sent a text to Center Administrator, stating the had arrived home and was feeling fine.