I received my vaccine about 3pm Sat. April 3rd. About an hour or so later I started to feel ?run down? but nothing major. At 9pm I began getting chills but did not feel feverish. By 9:15 my body was aggressively trembling. Even my teeth were chattering. I could not control the shaking. I put many layers of blankets on me and turned my heat up to 80 in an effort to get warm. At some point I dozed off. I woke up at 12:30am and had a fever of a little over 101 degrees.  I fell asleep about 3am, still aggressively shaking.  I woke up at 9am (April 4th) and my head was throbbing. My fever was now 102.2. Also, every muscle in my back and shoulders ached. I sat up because I needed to get to the kitchen for some water. Once I stood up, my body felt like it was weighed down by heavy sandbags. I could barely walk to my kitchen and back. I went back to bed and covered up in massive blankets and tried to stay still. I did not take any pain reliever because I was too nervous to.  I never had any nausea but smells bothered me and I had no appetite. My fever stayed at 102.2 until I went to sleep (around 10pm).  Monday (April 5th) I still had chills but much milder. My temp was just over 101 all day. My head felt better but my muscles still hurt. By late evening (10pm) my fever was just over 99 degrees. I was feeling better and I no longer had chills.  Tuesday (April 6th) I woke up fever free. I felt mostly normal again except for my muscle aches.  Today is Friday (April 9th) and I continue to have muscle aches. The worst of it is in my lower back and it?s pretty severe. It feels like I lifted heavy weights with my lower back muscles. I have not been seen by a Doctor yet as I have no insurance. I?m not sure if I need to or not.   I wanted to contact you because I am a healthy person and what I experienced was BRUTAL. I have NO IDEA how a frail or vulnerable person could go through what I went through. Also, people need to know that they may have to take time off of work to deal with these side effects.