I got the vaccine at 3:45 arm was sore but I wasn?t worried Later that night around 6 I started feeling disgusting from vaccine so I took an Advil.  Around 8-10pm my body started getting chills, I started shaking, I had a headache my muscles were sore, and I started getting a fever. Around 12am all of the previous symptoms got worse my fever was at about 101 and rising and I was extremely tired. At 1am I felt the worst I have ever felt in my entire life. I could barely walk because my muscles and joints hurt and my fever was over 102.5 and I felt like my veins were on fire. At 2 am I moved to my bathroom because the floor was cold and I didn?t want my roommate seeing me cry from how much pain I was in. I have a high pain tolerance but this was the worst pain I?ve ever been in. In the bathroom I was at the peak of the pain of the vaccine. My fever was over 103 all of my previous side effects were worse than ever I felt weak and a little dizzy. I also was having a hard time breathing, my breathing was weak and I felt like I wasn?t getting enough air. I tried looking up on my phone if I should go to the hospital but I could barely pick up my phone to type or look. I dropped my phone and fell asleep in the floor for 20 minutes before I woke up. I walked slowly over to my bed and took a Tylenol and then had a sip of water and felt like I was going to puke. I tried to use my inhaler and I couldn?t hold my breath to use it. I crawled into bed and slept until 11 the next day and was too sore to walk to class all of my joints still hurt and I had a fever of 101 and a headache . I took a Tylenol and around 6pm my fever broke and I was feeling better. The next day I was still too sore to walk to class and had a headache. Today I am still sore but better my lungs still feel a little tight, I feel unfocused , and I still feel dizzy occasionally. I have no appetite and I feel nauseous when I eat so I?ve been eating in smaller portions . Every single day since the shot I?ve felt very tired. I hope these symptoms get better and Looking back on the night of vaccine I should have gone to the hospital.