Patient presented at clinic for COVID19 Vaccine administration on 04/09/2021 at 1:26 pm. Upon checking in for her appointment, she was provided with clinic's COVID19 vaccine screening and consent form in which she denied the following:  ? Having allergies and reactions to any medication, foods, vaccines, or latex.  ? Carrying an Epi-pen for emergency treatment of anaphylaxis.  ? Having had a severe reaction to previous dose of this vaccine or to any of the ingredients of this vaccine.  After the vaccine administration, patient was guided to the observation area for a 15-minute observatory period.  At approximately 2:00 pm- while in the observation area, approximately 5 minutes from vaccine administration,  patient, expressed to the clinical staff member monitoring the observation area, Medical Assistant,  that she felt lightheaded and the clinical alert team was activated. While sitting, patient stated that she was feeling dizzy, she leaned forward and at this time patient was lowered to the floor; a pillow was placed under her head and her feet were elevated.  Vitals reported were taken in the presence of ARNP while patient  was laying on the floor.  2:00 pm Vitals  ? Blood pressure 60/40 ? Oxygen saturation level 99% 2:01 pm-Paramedics were called by Lead Medical Assistant ARNP reports that patient was laying on the floor, alert, oriented to place, time and person. Patient never lost consciousness.  At this time, patient  was asked the following series of questions: ? How do you feel? As per patient, she felt bilateral ear pressure without losing ability to hear were she was dizzy weak, and nervous.   ? Are you allergic to any medications or have you had any allergic reactions to a vaccine? Patient denied having had a history of any adverse or allergic reaction to any medication or vaccines in the past.  2:09 pm- Blood pressure:  60/50  2:13 pm-Blood pressure 95/60 2:14 pm -Paramedics arrived.  2:16 pm- Blood Pressure taken by paramedics 104/68 2:22 pm- Patient asked for water. Water bottle was supplied, and Patient began to take sips of water.  2:30 pm-Patient fully functional, bloop pressure stable. Patient  was walking, drinking water, and utilizing her cell phone.   At 5:00 pm- Staff , (Center Administration) called Patient, she stated that she felt fine and that she had had something to eat. No other symptoms reported.