BLOOD PRESSURE TANKED TO 80/60/LOW BLOOD PRESSURE (Low blood pressure, Hypotension) OUT OF BREATH/SHORTNESS OF BREATH (Shortness of breath, Dyspnoea) LIGHT HEADED/DIZZY (Light-headed, Dizziness) BACK PAINS (Back pain, Back pain) This spontaneous report received from a patient concerned a male of unspecified age. The patient's height,  and weight were not reported. The patient's concurrent conditions included alcoholic. The patient received covid-19 vaccine ad26 .cov2.s (suspension for injection, route of admin not reported, batch number: 1805022, and expiry: UNKNOWN)  dose was not reported,  administered on 12-MAR-2021 for prophylactic vaccination on right arm. No concomitant medications were reported. On 13-MAR-2021, the patient had back pains and took his pain medication today. The patient had friends over and served alcohol, he took a sip of the alcohol and immediately felt light headed; winded; out of breath; dizzy. On an unspecified date in MAR-2021 his blood pressure tanked to 80/60/ low blood pressure.  It was also mentioned that the patient was still feeling out of breath. Laboratory data included: Blood pressure  (NR: not provided) Low (80/60). It was stated that the patient went to emergency room/department or urgent care for the events dizzy, low blood pressure, shortness of breath and light headed. The action taken with covid-19 vaccine ad26 .cov .s was not applicable. The patient had not recovered from out of breath/shortness of breath, light headed/dizzy,  and blood pressure tanked to 80-60-low blood pressure, and the outcome of back pains was not reported. This report was serious  (Other Medically Important Condition). Version created to amend previously reported information on 13-MAR-2021 : Upon review following information was amended: Removed the causality statement from the narrative. The emergency room (vaccine) ticked for the events light headed/dizzy, blood pressure tanked/low blood pressure and shortness of breath. Null flavor was removed from the hospital address.