Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine EUA  There may be a connection between the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine and a recent heart attack that I experienced.  See Continuation Page There may be a connection between the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine and a recent heart attack that I experienced.  Some history: I have been experiencing pain in my upper back that frequently radiated to my chest for about four years. After visits to my primary care physician, a rheumatologist, an orthopedic surgeon, a cardiologist and a visit to the emergency room, the only consensus was that this was not cardiac related, but was probably caused by a pinched nerve in my spine. This pain occurred primarily while walking, but was light to moderate and disappeared as soon I as stopped.   In December 2020, I consulted a cardiologist for heart palpitations. He recommended that I receive a calcium score test. Since this showed moderate risk in two arteries, he referred me for an echocardiogram and a nuclear stress test, both of which were normal. Based on these results, he felt that my condition was stable and recommended against catherization.  I received my first Pfizer vaccine shot on 2/12/2021. The only initial side effect was a sore arm that lasted for a day. However, about two weeks after the first shot, I went for a two mile walk. Soon after I started, I experienced intense pain in my back that radiated to my chest and left arm. I returned home and the pain subsided quickly. Given my history, I attributed the pain to my supposed pinched nerve. I tried walking on a couple of successive days, with the same result.   I received my second vaccination on 3/5/2021. I began to experience intense pain in my back that radiated to my chest and left arm about 16 hours later. This pain occurred despite resting the entire time. At first it was intermittent, but became steady after a couple of hours. I then decided to go to an emergent care center, where I was told that I was experiencing a heart attack. I was transferred to the emergency room at Hospital, and later admitted to the hospital where I underwent a catherization in which a stent was inserted in one artery and the other artery was unclogged.   I may have contracted covid in July, 2020. At that time I experienced a mild sore throat, fatigue and body aches. A covid test (PCR) was negative. However, the sore throat persisted for several months. My primary care physician recommended against an antibody test.