sweating; Pain in arm; Fever; Chest pain (left side); No bowel movement-watery; Labored breathing; Over sleeping; Passed out; Chills; Dizziness; Headache; A spontaneous report was received from a consumer concerning a 70-years-old female patient who received Moderna COVID 19 vaccine and experienced pain in arm, dizziness, major chest pain (left side), pain in shoulder, neck, headache, no bowel movement-watery, chills, labored breathing, passed out, over sleeping, no urine, sweating, fever and sore throat.  The patient's medical history included congestive heart failure, high blood pressure and gout and had 3 heart attacks in lifetime. No relevant concomitant medications were reported.  On 12 Mar 2021, prior to the onset of the event, the patient received their first of two planned doses of mRNA-1273 (lot/batch number: 031A21A) intramuscularly for COVID-19 prophylaxis.  On 12 Mar 2021, the patient experienced headache and dizziness. On 13 Mar 2021, the patient experienced pain in arm, major chest pain (left side), pain in shoulder, neck, no bowel movement-watery, chills, labored breathing, passed out, over sleeping, no urine, sweating, fever and sore throat. Treatment for the event included nitroglycerin and paracetamol.  Action taken with mRNA-1273 in response to the events was not reported.  The outcome of the event dizziness was resolved on 12 Mar 2021. The outcome of the events chills, fever and headache was resolved on 14 Mar 2021. The outcome of the events pain in arm, major chest pain (left side), pain in shoulder, neck, no bowel movement-watery, labored breathing, passed out, over sleeping, no urine, sweating and sore throat was resolved on 15 Mar 2021.; Reporter's Comments: This case concerns a 70 Y/O F with a serious unexpected loss of consciousness and NS unexpected dizziness, chest pain, dyspnea, gastrointestinal motility disorder, hypersomnia, hyperhidrosis, and expected pain in extremity, pyrexia, chills, headache.  Event onset Day 1 after first dose mRNA-1273. Events resolved. Based on current available information and temporal association between use of the product and the start date of the event, a causal relationship cannot be excluded.