diagnosed with neurocardiogentic syncope; P.O.T.S/-POTS; tired the next day; experienced a headache for a couple hours; This is a spontaneous report from a contactable nurse. The nurse reported similar events for 2 patients. This is 1st of 2 reports. A 58-year-old male patient received first dose of bnt162b2 (PFIZER-BIONTECH COVID-19 VACCINE; lot number and expiration date unspecified), via an unspecified route of administration on 02Mar2021 as single dose for COVID-19 immunisation. Medical history included open heart, prostate cancer, lyme disease, neobladder, and sepsis, all from Aug2020; and blood pressure (abnormal). Concomitant medication included fludrocortisone for blood pressure (abnormal). Reporter stated that her husband seemed tired the next day, although husband says he wasn't. Today, 05Mar2021, patient experienced a headache for a couple hours, and was tired today. On an unspecified date, the patient was diagnosed with neurocardiogenic syncope and Postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome (POTS) and given medication Florinef 0.1mg. Patient had been taking for about a week. Reporter was asking if it would cause issues with the vaccine since it was a corticosteroid and if it would cause issues if he was going to get a flu shot. Reporter was also asking what the efficacy after the first dose was. Outcome of events was unknown.  Information about the Lot/batch number has been requested.; Sender's Comments: A causal association between BNT162B2 and the reported events cannot be excluded based on a compatible temporal relation. The impact of this report on the benefit/risk profile of the Pfizer product is evaluated as part of Pfizer procedures for safety evaluation, including the review and analysis of aggregate data for adverse events. Any safety concern identified as part of this review, as well as any appropriate action in response, will be promptly notified to RAs, Ethics Committees, and Investigators, as appropriate. ,Linked Report(s) : US-PFIZER INC-2021261960 same drug/reporter/event, different patient