My left hand turned blue and the veins in that hand looked very dark (almost purple); soreness across entire arm, especially at injection site; swollen injection site; tingling across entire arm; soreness across entire arm; This is a spontaneous report from a contactable consumer (patient). A 32-year-old female patient received BNT162B2 (PFIZER-BIONTECH COVID-19 VACCINE) first dose on 27Jan2021 16:00 (lot number: EN5318), via an unspecified route of administration in the left arm at single dose for COVID-19 immunization in public health department. The patient's medical history includes sciatic nerve pain, allergic to cats and some dogs, back pain from scoliosis and anemic, all from an unknown date and unknown if ongoing. The patient had no concomitant medications. The patient did not receive any other vaccine within four weeks. The patient did not receive any other medications the patient received within 2 weeks of vaccination. The patient was not pregnant at the time of vaccination. The patient was not diagnosed with Covid-19 prior to vaccination and was not tested after the vaccination for COVID-19. The patient stated her left hand turned blue and the veins in that hand looked very dark (almost purple) seconds after receiving the vaccine in the left arm on 27Jan2021 16:00. Her left hand turned blue like it was cold, but she was not cold anywhere on my body. Her left hand's veins were also mostly purple in the fingertips. The side effect was not painful and lasted about 30 minutes. Other symptoms experienced because of the COVID-19 vaccine in left arm were soreness across entire arm, especially at injection site occurred upon injection and was slowly getting better. The patient took two 200mg of ibuprofen two days (however the patient also reported no treatment was received for the events) after the injection because the pain randomly got worse without any outward cause, swollen injection site occurred upon injection and is the same at this time. Tingling across entire arm occurred upon injection and stopped seven hours later at 11pm. The consumer assessed the events as non-serious. The outcome of the event tingling across entire arm recovered on 27Jan2021 at 11 PM and "my left hand turned blue and the veins in that hand looked very dark (almost purple)" was recovered on 27Jan2021 and outcome of other events was unknown.  No follow-up attempts are possible. No further information is expected.